docs: Update local-development.md (#12578)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/development/local-development.md

1. Verify all tests pass and have 100% test coverage, by running `yarn test`
1. Verify the installation by running `yarn start`. You must see this error: `You must configure a GitHub personal access token`

> You only need to do these steps this one time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only need to do these steps once.
```

You can use a command like this to put the log messages in a file:

```
LOG_LEVEL=debug yarn start myaccount/therepo > debug.log
```

> The example command save Renovate's output to the `debug.log` file (and overwrite `debug.log` if it already exists).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example command will redirect/save Renovate's output to the `debug.log` file (and overwrite `debug.log` if it already exists).
```
